>>> ON THIS EDITION FOR SATURDAY
DECEMBER 7th, AS MILLIONS MOUR
HIS DEATH WE LOOK INSIDE THE
PRISON WHERE NELSON MANDELA WA
HELD
FINDING JOBS FOR YOUNG WORKERS
>>> AND THE CONSEQUENCES O
OVERPRESCRIBING POWERFUL DRUGS
TO VETERANS.
>> I THOUGHT THE PAINKILLERS
WERE OKAY BECAUSE THE DOCTOR
WERE PRESCRIBING IT FOR ME
>> NEXT ON "PBS NEWSHOUR
WEEKEND.
FROM THE TISH WNET STUDIOS, THIS
IS PBS NEWS HOUR WEEKEND
>> DEFENSE SECRETARY CHUCK HAGEL
ARRIVED IN AFGHANISTAN TO VISI
WITH AMERICAN TROOPS
BUT IN THE LINE OF TENSION
BETWEEN THE TWO COUNTRIES HE I
NOT SCHEDULED TO MEET WITH THE
AFGHAN PRESIDENT
DESPITE AMERICAN OBJECTIONS HE
CONTINUES TO INSIST ON THE
RELEASE OF AFGHAN PRISONERS FROM
GUANTANAMO
OTHERWISE KARZAI SAYS HE WON'T
SIGN A NEW SECURITY DEAL
FAILURE TO REACH AN AGREEMEN
COULD MEAN THE WITHDRAWAL OF
TROOPS FROM AFGHANISTAN IN 2014.
>>> AN 85-YEAR-OLD MAN HELD IN
NORTH KOREA WAS SET FREE TODAY
HE WAS REUNITED WITH HIS WIFE.
DURING HIS CAPTIVITY HE APPEARED
ON NORTH KOREAN STATE TELEVISION
READING WHAT WAS DESCRIBED AS
CONFESSION
HE WAS REMOVED FROM A PLANE AS
HE WAS ABOUT TO LEAVE THAT
COUNTRY.
NORTH KOREAN OFFICIALS CLAIM H
WAS CONSPIRING WIT
ANTI-GOVERNMENT PARTIES IN NORTH
KORE
>>> THE PRIME MINISTER OF JAPA
IS TRYING TO DEFUSE A CONFLICT
BETWEEN JAPAN AND CHINA.
THEY LAY CLAIM TO ISLANDS IN THE
EAST CHINA SEA
CHINA HAD A COOL REACTION TO THE
PROPOSAL
A FOREIGN MINISTRY SPOKESMAN
SAID, QUO IT, THE PROBLEM IS
GENTLEMAN MAN CANNOT LOO
STRAIGHT AT HISTORY AND REALITY.
>>> TURNING TO THE MIDDLE EAST
THE ISRAELI ARMY SAID ONE OF ITS
MILITARY VEHICLES WAS DAMAGED BY
A DOM SET OFF ON THE OTHER SID
OF THE BORDER.
NO ONE WAS INJURED
AUTHORITIES SAY IT WAS UNCLEAR
WHO WAS BEHIND THE ATTACK.
THE ISRAELI MILITARY SAYS IT
SOLDIERS RETURNED FIRE AFTER
BEING FIRED UPON BY A SYRIAN
SOLDIER.
>>> FRANCE SAID IT IS TRIPLING
THE NUMBER OF TROOPS IT IS
SENDING TO THE CENTRAL AFRICAN
REPUBLIC
THE FRENCH PRESIDENT SAID THAT
THE DEPLOYMENT WILL INCREASE
FROM 600 TO 1600
THE AFRICAN UNION IS SENDING
2500 TROOPS.
THE FIGHTING IS BETWEE
CHRISTIAN AND MUSLIM FORCES.
THE RED CROSS HAS RECOVERED 40
BODIES IN THE CAPITAL CITY
>>> PRESIDENT OBAMA URGED TH
CONGRESS TO EXTEND THE FEDERAL
UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS.
CARING FOR THE LONG TERM
UNEMPLOYED IS ONE CHALLENGE AN
SO IS FINDING JOBS FOR THE YOUNG
WORKERS.
THEIR UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS I
THE MID TEENS AND EVEN HIGHE
THAN THAT AMONG YOUN
MINORITIES
FOR MORE ABOUT ALL OF THIS, WE
ARE JOININGED BY VICTORI
STILLWELL.
THERE WAS A RECESSION IN THE
'70s AND A STOCK MARKET CRASH IN
1987 AND JOBS WERE SCARCE.
WHAT MAKES THIS SO DIFFERENT FOR
YOUNG AMERICANS COMPARED T
THOSE TIMES?
>> THE GREAT RECESSION WAS
UNPRECEDENTED.
IT EXACERBATED TRENDS.
WE HAVE BEEN SEEING UNEMPLOYMENT
FOR PEOPLE AGED 16 TO 24 HIGH.
BUT THAT SPREAD HAS WIDENED OUT.
IN THE LAST RECOVERY THE PRE
BETWEEN UNEMPLOYMENT FOR YOUNG
PEOPLE AND FOR EVERYONE ELSE WAS
ABOUT 5 TO 6 PERCENTAGE POINTS
AND NOW IT IS 7 PERCENTAGE
POINTS
WE HAVE AN UNEMPLOYMENT RATE
THAT IS DOUBLE THE NATIONA
AVERAGE.
THAT'S A PROBLEM
>> ONE OF THE THINGS THAT IS
INTERESTING ABOUT THIS
WE ARE NOT TALKING ABOUT LOW
INCOME STARTER JOBS.
THESE ARE PEOPLE GETTING READY
TO START THEIR CAREERS AND HAV
BEEN TO COLLEGE AND GRAD SCHOOL.
WHAT IS THE IMPLICATION OF THOSE
PEOPLE BEING OUT OF WORK
>> IF WE HAVE PEOPLE THAT HAVE
PUT IN ALL THIS MONEY INTO
GETTING AN EDUCATION, WHO HAVE
MADE A REAL INVESTMENT IN TRYING
TO SECURE BETTER CAREERS AND ARE
STUCK WITH A WAITRESSING O
RETAIL JOB THERE ARE A LOT O
IMPLICATIONS WITH THAT
THEY MAY HAVE STUDENT LOANS THEY
CANNOT PAY OFF
THAT INCREASES THEIR PROBABILITY
OF DEFAULTING ON THE LOANS
THEY ALSO LOWER THEIR LIFETIME
EARNINGS POTENTIAL
THE CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS
DID A STUDY ON THE LONG TERM
IMPLICATIONS OF THIS
AND THEY FOUND THAT FOR THE
MILLION AMERICANS WHO ARE YOUN
AND WHO ARE UNEMPLOYMENTED
BECAUSE OF THE GREAT RECESSION
THEY PROBABLY LOST A COLLECTIV
$20 BILLION IN EARNINGS FOR TH
NEXT 10 YEARS.
>> WHAT ABOUT THE LARGER PART OF
THE ECONOMY?
>> IF YOU HAVE YOUNG PEOPL
LIVING WITH RELATIVES AN
FRIENDS, COUCH SURFING, RENTIN
INSTEAD OF BUYING A HOME BECAUSE
THEY DON'T HAVE THE MONEY TO D
THAT OR THE CREDIT BUILT UP TO
DO THAT OR HAVE BAD CREDIT, THAT
PUSHES BACK THE TIME LINE WHER
THEY CAN BUY A HOME AND IF THE
DO IT AT ALL
IT ALSO HAD A BIG IMPLICATIO
FOR CONSUMER SPEND COMING IS THE
BIGGEST PART OF OUR ECONOMY.
IF PEOPLE ARE EARNING LESS OVE
THEIR LIFETIME THEY WILL B
BUYING AND CONSUMING LESS.
>> SO EVERYTHING GETS PUSHED
BACK DOWN THE LINE
>> EXACTLY
>> I'M WONDERING IF THE WAY WE
THOUGHT ABOUT THESE JOBS FOR
YOUNG PEOPLE THAT IT'S OVER.
THAT THESE JOBS HAVE BEEN TAKE
BY TWO OR THEE OF THESE JOBS T
MAKE UP FOR A SALARY THEY HA
ONCE
THEY ARE TAKE CARE OF THEI
FAMILIES WITH WHAT WE THOUGHT OF
AS KIDS' JOBS.
IS THIS A NEW NORMAL
>> THE HOPE IS AS THE ECONOM
IMPROVES AND WAS GET HIGHE
DEMAND AS COMPANIES SEE A NEED
TO TAKE ON MORE WORKERS THEY
WILL DO THAT AND IT WILL OPEN UP
THE LOWER ENTRY LEVEL JOBS FOR
THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE TYPICALL
HAD THEM
THE GREAT RECESSION CAUSED A LOT
OF RIPPLE EFFECTS.
PEOPLE WHO WERE MAKING 50, 60,
$70,000 A YEAR HAD TO FLIP
BURGERS.
THE HOPE IS THAT AS THINGS GET
BETTER LIKE THEY, ARE THAT W
WILL BE ABLE TO GET YOUNG PEOPLE
BACK IN THOSE JOBS AND ADD
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE AND GET ON
THE TRACK THEY NEED TO BE.
>> THANKS FOR BEING WITH US.
>> THANKS.
>> AND THIS FROM LOS ANGELES
THE GRAMMY NOMINATIONS WER
ANNOUNCED LAST NIGHT
AMONG THEM, JAY Z, WHO LED THE
WAY WITH NINE NOMINATIONS.
THE SPOKEN WORD CATEGORY WHICH
HAS BEEN WON BY THREE U.S.
PRESIDENTS PITS STEPHEN COLBER
AGAINST CAROLE BURNETT AND PET
SEGER AMONG OTHERS
>>> NELSON MANDELA'S DEATH
CONTINUES TO BE MOURNE
THROUGHOUT SOUTH AFRICA AND TH
REST OF THE WORLD.
THE 95-YEAR-OLD FORMER SOUTH
AFRICAN PRESIDENT DIED THURSDAY.
BECAUSE OF HIS ACTIVISM HE SPENT
DECADES IMPRISONED ON ROBBEN
ISLAND NEAR CAPE TOWN.
WE TRAVELED THERE AND SPOKE WITH
AN INMATE ABOUT THE HARS
CONDITIONS
>> IT TOOK THE 46-YEAR-OLD
MANDELA LESS THAN AN HOUR BY
BOAT
HE WAS NOT TO MAKE THE RETUR
JOURNEY JUST TO ANOTHER PRISON
FOR A FURTHER 18 YEARS
THESE DAYS IT'S A TOURIS
DESTINATION.
A BRUSH WITH HISTORY AND ONE
WITH SUFFERING
MY GUIDE WAS THIS MAN.
>> YOU ARE VIEWING DOWN THERE IS
BETWEEN THE WALL
>> INCARCERATED HERE AT 17 FOR
BLOWING UP A POWER PLANT
>> HOW MANY PRISONERS WERE
THERE?
>>
>> ALL POLITICAL
TO SUCH AN EXTENT THEY WER
TRYING TO REDUCE OUR NUMBERS
THOSE TWO YEARS, THREE YEARS
THEY WANT TO TAKE THEM TO TH
MAINLAND
FROM FIVE TO LIFE THEY KEEP YO
HERE
>> YOU HAD DO 18
>> I HAD TO DO 18.
WE TRIED AT 6 TO GO TO THE
MAINLAND
>> DID ANYONE ESCAPE
>> NOT IN OUR TIME, EVER
BUT VERY GOOD PLANS.
>> B WING IS WHERE ALL THE KEY
ANC PRISONERS WERE HELD.
SO THE MAN WAS HERE IN THI
ROOM
THIS ROOM WAS HIS CELL
>> FROM 1964 UP UNTIL 1979, THEY
WERE GIVEN THIS.
>> TWO METERS BY TWO METERS, THE
MAT ON THE FLOOR, NO BED UNTIL
HIS FINAL YEARS, A BUCKET AND
PRECIOUS WINDOW TO THE OUTSIDE
WORLD.
MY GUIDE HAS OFTEN GAZED FRO
MANDELA'S WINDOW BEFORE.
BUT TODAY, HE BECOME
OVERWHELMED BY TEARS
>> AN INCREDIBLE LIFE.
>> YES
>> SURVIVING THIS WAS CRITICAL
>> AND THEY TRIED EVERYTHING T
HUMILIATE HIM?
>> ALL THE THINGS.
THEY DID EVERYTHING.
TRYING TO BREAK HIM DOWN
THEY EVEN USE HIS FAMILY
>> WHEN HE LOOKED OUT OF HIS
WINDOW, MANDELA'S SOLACE WAS HIS
SMALL GARDEN ALONG THE PRISO
WALL
HE PLANTED THIS TREE AND SAT
BENEATH THE VINE HE NURTURED
FROM THE COURTYARD GRID.
ON HIS LAST YEAR ON ROBBEN
ISLAND, MANDELA WAS ALLOWED TO
WORK HERE CAPE TOWN,
TANTALIZINGLY CLOSE.
SURVIVING ROBBEN ISLAND, T
EMERGE PREACHING BOTH HOPE AND
FORGIVENESS, UTTERLY CENTRAL T
MANDELA'S POSITION HERE AN
ACROSS THE WORLD
THEY ARE BOUND UP IN THAT KE
THAT TURNED SO MANY, MANY TIMES,
TO CONFINE HIM IN THIS PLACE FOR
SO LONG.
THOUSANDS OF VETERANS WOUNDED IN
IRAQ OR AFGHANISTAN ARE BEIN
TREATED WITH POWERFU
PAINKILLERS.
NEW EVIDENCE SUGGESTS THAT SOM
ARE OVERMEDICATED.
THE DEATH RATE AT VA HOSPITALS
FROM OVERDOSES OF NARCOTIC
PAINKILLERS IS TWICE THE
NATIONAL AVERAGE
OUR STORY FROM THE CENTER FO
INVESTIGATOR REPORTING FIRST
AIRED ON THE WEEKDAY NEWS HOUR
IN EARLY OCTOBER
AARON GLANCE BEGINS HIS RECORD
IN OREGON.
>> Reporter: U.S. ARMY
SPECIALIST JEFFREY WAGONER
RECEIVED A FUNERAL WITH FULL
MILITARY HONORS.
HE WAS MEDICALLY EVACUATED OUT
OF AFGHANISTAN IN 2007 AFTER H
SUSTAINED A GROIN INJURY WHEN
ROCKET PROPELLED GRENADE
EXPLODED
BUT THAT'S NOT WHAT KILLED HIM
WAGONER SURVIVED HIS DEPLOYMENT.
HE DIED IN THIS HOTEL HOUR
AFTER BEING DISCHARGED I
OREGON
WHILE RECOVERING FROM HIS WOUNDS
HIS MENTAL STATE DETERIORATED.
HE BECAME ADDICTED T
PAINKILLERS AND THE ARMY SEN
HIM TO THE DETOX CENTER AT THI
VA HOSPITAL TO GET CLEAN
BUT THE HOSPITAL CONTINUED T
GIVE HIM NARCOTICS AND AFTER TWO
MONTHS THEY RELEASED HIM WITH
MASSIVE COCKTAIL OF DRUG
INCLUDING 12 TABLETS O
OXYCODONE.
SINCE JEFF'S DEATH HIS FATHE
GREG HAS BEEN TRYING TO PIEC
TOGETHER WHAT HAPPENED
>> I COULDN'T BELIEVE THE AMOUNT
OF MEDICATIONS PRESCRIBED TO
HIM.
>> AFTER HE LEFT THE HOSPITAL,
JEFF WENT TO A NEARBY MOTEL.
>> HE PICKED UP A SIX-PACK O
BEER, HE CHECKED INTO A ROOM
HAS A COUPLE OF BEERS, DECIDES
HE'S HUNGRY AND GOES NEXT DOOR
TO A RESTAURANT, ORDERS UP THA
COS AND ANOTHER BEER AND BEING
GROGGY
>> THE SURVEILLANCE FOOTAG
SHOWS WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
HE FUMBLES WITH THE KEYS TO HI
ROOM
HE NODS AND LURCHES FORWARD AN
COLLAPSES.
WAGONER LAY ON THE FLOOR FOR A
HOUR UNTIL THE PARAMEDIC
ARRIVED.
THEY TRIED TO REVIVE HIM BUT I
WAS TOO LATE
THE STATE MEDICAL EXAMINER
CONCLUDED IN ADDITION TO THE TWO
BEERS, JEFF CON SUMD EIGHT
OXYCODONE PILLS WITH MUSCL
RELAXANTS HE GOT FROM THE VA
GREG WAGONER HAS NEVER WATCHED
THE VIDEO.
HE BELIEVES THAT THE VA WA
COMPLICIT IN HIS SON'S DEATH
>> THE LAST THING YOU THINK YO
HAVE A CHILD IN THE HOSPITAL T
GET CARE THAT SOMEONE WOULD CALL
AT YOUR DOOR AND TELL YOU THAT
HE PASSED AWAY
>> SINCE WAGON HER'S DEATH FIV
YEARS AGO, THE NARCOTI
PRESCRIPTION RATE HAS CONTINUE
TO RISE.
WITH YOU TRIED TO INTERVIEW TH
HOSPITAL DIRECTOR BUT OU
REQUEST WAS DENIED
LAST YEAR, DOCTORS IN ROSE BUR
WROTE MORE OPENUAT
PRESCRIPTIONS PER PATIENT THAN
AT ANY VA HOSPITAL IN TH
COUNTRY ACCORDING TO THE CENTE
FOR INVESTIGATOR REPORTING
THE CENTER ANALYZED 12 YEARS O
DATA FROM THE VA AND FOUND THE
PRESCRIPTIONS FOR FOUR HIGHL
ADDICTIVE PAINKILLERS HAVE
SURGED BY 270 PERCENT SINCE TH
WAR IN AFGHANISTAN BEGAN
FAR OUTSTRIPPING THE INCREASE IN
PATIENTS
THIS MAN IS A PSYCHIATRIST AND
REQUIRED ARMY GENERAL.
THE DATA SHOWS THE AGENCY IS
OVERMEDICATING PATIENTS AS I
STRUGGLES TO KEEP UP WITH THEI
NEED FOR TREATMENT
>> THEY ARE WORKING IN THE
CLINICS AND ARE BUSY WITH TIME
CONSTRAINTS AND PRESSURES.
AND GIVING A PRESCRIPTION WHIC
THEY KNOW HOW TO DO AND AR
TRAINED TO DO IS ALMOST
DEFAULT.
>> Reporter: HE SAYS THA
PRESCRIPTION OPIATES ACTUALL
HURT MOST VETERANS RATHER THAN
HELP THEM.
>> YOU HAVE BEEN EXPOSED T
BLASTS AND FEELING THE EFFECTS
OF THE BLASTS AND THEN YOU ADD A
MEDICATION FOR PAIN, THAT'
GOING TO MAKE YOUR THINKIN
PROBLEMS EVEN WORSE.
AND NOT ONLY THAT, YOU'RE GOIN
TO FEEL MORE DEPRESSED
>> THE VA HAS KNOWN ABOUT TH
PROBLEM FOR YEARS.
IN 2011 RESEARCHERS PUBLISHED
STUDY SHOWING THE FATAL OVERDOSE
RATE IS DOUBLE THE NATIONA
AVERAGE.
FOUR YEARS AGO THE AGENC
ADOPTED REGULATIONS DESIGNED T
GET DOCTORS TO USE ALTERNATIVE
TO PRESCRIPTION OPIATES.
WE SPENT A MONTH TRYING TO GET
SOMEONE FROM THE VA TO GO ON THE
RECORD ABOUT PRESCRIPTIO
PAINKILLERS BUT NO ONE WOULD
TALK TO US
>> I WANT TO GET BACK TO ALL THE
MEDICATION
>> Reporter: IT IS DRAWING
INTEREST ON CAPITOL HILL
IN MARCH, THE VA'S
UNDERSECRETARY FOR HEALT
TESTIFIED BEFORE THE SENAT
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS AFFAIRS.
>> LET ME DEAL FIRST WIT
OPIOIDS WHICH IS THE MOS
DANGEROUS OF OUR -
>> HE SAYS THE VA USES OPIATES
ONLY AS A LAST RESORT.
>> WHEN YOU ARE NOT ABLE T
MANAGE THE PAIN, IT'S OPIOID
AND THERE ARE CAREFUL PROTOCOL
ABOUT HOW THAT PRESCRIBES SHOULD
BE DONE.
>> BUT THE DATA SHOWS THE RATE
OF PRESCRIPTIONS FOR OPIATES
CONTINUES TO RISE.
AND ACROSS THE COUNTRY, WE FOUND
VETERANS ADDICTED TO PAINKILLERS
THEY GOT FROM THE VA
IN NEW HAMPSHIRE, TIM IS TRYIN
TO STAY CLEAN.
HE SERVED IN IRAQ AN
AFGHANISTAN.
TWO YEARS AFTER HE CAME HOME H
WENT TO THE VA FOR HELP.
THE VA DOCTORS HAVE PROVIDED HIM
WITH 4,000 OXYCODONE PILLS
>> I THOUGHT THEY WERE OKAY.
THE DOCTOR WAS PRESCRIBING IT TO
ME
IF THEY ARE GIVING IT TO ME, I'M
GOING TO TAKE IT
[ BLEEP ] IF IT MAKES ME FEE
GOOD I'M GOING TO TAKE 15 OF
THEM
>> HE DEPLOYED TO FALUJA
HE TOOK THE PILLS TO BLOT OU
THE GUILT AND SHAME OF
SURVIVING.
HIS MEDICAL RECORDS SHOW THE V
KNEW HE WAS AN ADDICT BU
CONTINUED TO DOLE OUT TH
OPIATES.
AT TIM'S FAMILY HOME IN WESTER
MASSACHUSETTS, HIS FATHER, MIKE,
HAS BUILT A BASEMENT SHRINE TO
HIS FAMILY'S MILITARY LEGACY
>> THIS IS MY SON, TIM
>> Reporter: HE SAYS HIS SON'S
LIFE STARTED TO SPIRAL OUT O
CONTROL AFTER HIS BEST FRIEN
FROM THE MARINE CORPS DIED
HE ENCOURAGED HIM TO GET HELP AT
THE VA HOSPITAL.
THE DOCTORS LOADED HIM UP ON
PAINKILLERS.
>> THAT WAS THE BEGINNING AN
THE END FOR HIM.
>> Reporter: TIM WAS HOOKED AN
OVERDOSED AGAIN AND AGAIN.
HIS PARENTS KICKED HIM OUT
HE MOVED IN WITH ERIC.
THEY FED EACH OTHER'
ADDICTIONS
WHEN THEY RAN OUT OF PILLS THE
BOUGHT HEROIN.
EVENTUALLY TIM REALIZED HE
NEEDED TO MOVE OUT
THREE MONTHS LATER HIS FORME
ROOMMATE DIED OF AN OVERDOSE
TODAY, HE IS LIVING WITH HIS
GIRLFRIEND
HE'S BEEN CLEAN FOR SIX MONTHS
NOW BUT STAYING OFF OPIATE
HASN'T BEEN EASY
IN JULY AFTER A CONFRONTATIO
LANDED HIM IN A VA EMERGENCY
ROOM HE WAS SHOCKED WITH A
AGENCY DOCTOR AGAIN PROIBED OX
YOU CO DONE.
HE FILLED THE PRESCRIPTION AND
THEN STARED AT THE BOTTLE.
>> I OPENED IT UP A COUPLE TIMES
A DAY JUST TO TRY TO TAKE ON
OUT.
IF I TAKE THIS, YOU KNOW, I'
NOT GOING TO BE LIVING WHERE I
AM RIGHT NOW
I'M GOING TO BE OFF AND RUNNIN
AGAIN.
IT'S GOING TO SEND ME ON MY WAY.
SO I FLUSHED THEM.
>> WITH HIS MIND NO LONGER
DEADENED BY OPIATES, FLASHBACK
AND ANXIETY MAKE HIM ANGRY AND
EXPLOSIVE.
HE STILL TURNS TO THE VA FOR
HELP
HE IS UP EARLY THIS MORNIN
WAITING FOR A SHUTTLE TO TAK
HIM TO THE VA.
>> MY GOAL IS TO FIGURE OU
WHERE THIS RAGE, ANXIETY AND ALL
THIS IS COMING FROM WHEN I HAV
BEEN SOBER
TRY TO FIGURE OUT WHERE THAT
COMES FROM AND HOW TO COPE WIT
THAT, I GUESS.
>> THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERAN
AFFAIRS REMAINS A REFUGE FOR
TIM.
HE CAN SURROUND HIMSELF WITH
OTHER VETERANS, MEN AND WOME
WHO SURVIVED WAR ONLY TO BATTL
ADDICTION AT HOME.
>> LEARN MORE ABOUT TH
CONSEQUENCES OF TAKING TOO MUC
PAIN MEDICATION AND EXPLORE TH
INVESTIGATION FROM THE CENTER OF
INVESTIGATOR REPORTING
-- INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING
>>> JOIN US TOMORROW ON AIR AN
ONLINE
ONE MASSACHUSETTS COUNTY I
KEEPING THE LOCAL ECONOMY MOVING
BY PRINTING ITS OWN MONEY.
>> IT'S GOOD FOR OUR COUNTRY T
KEEP MANUFACTURING HERE.
>> IT'S ABOUT SHOPPING LOCAL
IT'S ABOUT SUSTAIN ABILITY RIGHT
HERE WHERE WE LIVE AND WORK.
>> THAT'S IT FOR THIS EDITION OF
"PBS NEWS HOUR WEEKEND."
I'M ALLISON STEWART.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.